Add doc for basic snapshot repository setup for Azure (#7308)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/snapshots.asciidoc

kubectl apply -f elasticsearch.yaml
----

[id="{p}-basic-snapshot-azure"]
=== Basic snapshot repository setup for Azure

> . Ensure there is a configured Storage Account in Azure and have created an Access Key for that Storage Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure there is a Storage Account and an Access Key for that Storage Account configured in Azure.
```

+

> . Ensure a Container exists within the Storage Account, in this example we will call it `azuresnaphots`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure a Container exists within the Storage Account. For the following example we will call it `azuresnaphots`
```

+

> . Now create a file containing the azure credentials. For this example, name it `azure.client.default.account`. The file name is important as it is reflected in the secure setting. Within this file place your Storage Account name for this example we will use `azurestorageaccount1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a file containing the Azure credentials. For this example, name it `azure.client.default.account`. The file name is important as it is reflected in the secure setting. Within this file place your Storage Account name. For this example we will use `azurestorageaccount1`.
```

+

> . Create anouther file containing the azure credentials. For this example, name it `azure.client.default.key`. The file name is important as it is reflected in the secure setting. Within this file place your Storage Account Access Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create anouther file containing the Azure credentials. For this example name it `azure.client.default.key`. The file name is important as it is reflected in the secure setting. Within this file place your Storage Account Access Key.
```

. Now we need to upload this secret into the AKS cluster - you must ensure its in the same namespace as the ECK cluster.
----
kubetl create secret generic <snapshot-secret> --from-file=azure.client.default.account --from-file=azure.client.default.key -n <namespace>
----

. Under `podTemplate` place the secret just created into the `- secretName:` field.

[source,yaml,subs="attributes"]
----
  nodeSets:
  - name: elasticsearch
    count: 3
    config:

>       node.roles: ["master","data_hot", "data_content", "ingest"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      node.roles: ["master", "data_hot", "data_content", "ingest"]
```

      cluster.routing.allocation.awareness.attributes: k8s_node_name,zone
      node.attr.zone: ${ZONE}
      # Comment out when setting the vm.max_map_count via initContainer, as these are mutually exclusive.
      # For production workloads, it is strongly recommended to increase the kernel setting vm.max_map_count to 262144
      # and leave node.store.allow_mmap unset.
      # ref: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-virtual-memory.html
      node.store.allow_mmap: false
    podTemplate:
      spec:
        secureSettings:
         - secretName: snapshot-secret

----

. Now upgrade your cluster to the current configuration.

> . From within Kibana you are able to access the Azure Blob Storage under Snapshots. Ensure under `client` for this example to use `default` and `container` as `azurestorageaccount1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From within Kibana you should be able to access the Azure Blob Storage under Snapshots. Ensure under `client` to use `default` and under `container` use `azurestorageaccount1`.
```

> 

Author: Yeah agree this reads much better. thank you!

> 

Reviewer 2: I guess based on your comment and the fact that you resolved the conversation, that we can apply the suggestion.

> 

Reviewer 2: @naemono I'm a bit sorry, I made [this suggestion](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/pull/7308#discussion_r1389388644) just before your review. What do you think?

> 

Reviewer: Looks great. 👍
